Add Debug Execution section to Wiki (#1685)
apache/daffodil-vscode: doc/Wiki.md

    * Option 1 = `Debug File` - This will allow the user to fully step through the schema (WIP).  Once fully completed, it will produce an infoset to a file named `SCHEMA-infoset.xml` which it then opens as well.
    * Option 2 = `Run File` - This will run the DFDL Schema, producing the infoset to a file named `SCHEMA-infoset.xml` which it then opens as well.

## Debug Execution

> Once you start debug operation, a small panel opens near the top of the screen that provides icons/buttons to control execution of the Daffodil parser. These buttons control parsing operations in the same manner that IDE's controll execution of software being developed or debugged.

Reviewer: Maybe change this to
```suggestion
Once you start the debug operation, a small panel opens near the top of the screen that provides icons/buttons to control the execution of the Daffodil parser. These buttons control parsing operations in the same manner that the IDE controls execution of software being developed or debugged.
```

<img width="156" height="28" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c5beac92-5278-49f4-a3e4-05ee6ea60a55" />
From left to right, the icons indicate the following functions: Continue, Step Over, Step Into, Step Out, Restart, Stop.
* The Continue button will trigger execution until completion unless it encounters an enabled breakpoint.

> * The Step Over button will process the entire next element then pause (unless a breakpoint is encountered), similar to calling a software subroutine and stopping unop return from that subroutine.

Reviewer: This should be changed to
```suggestion
* The Step Over button will process the entire next element, then pause (unless a breakpoint is encountered), similar to calling a software subroutine and stopping upon return from that subroutine.
```

> * The Step Into button is similar going into a subroutine and pausing immediately.

Reviewer: Change this to
```suggestion
* The Step Into button is similar to going into a subroutine and pausing immediately.
```

> * The Step Out button will parse the remainder of the current element then pause. Similar to continuing a subroutine and halting upon the return from that routine.The Restart button, will about the current execution and begin again from the beggining.

Reviewer: Change this to
```suggestion
* The Step Out button will parse the remainder of the current element and then pause, similar to continuing a subroutine and halting upon the return from that routine.
* The Restart button will stop the current execution and begin again from the beginning.
```

* The Stop button will immediately terminate and abort all processing.

<details>
<summary>Debug Control Examples</summary>
If you were parsing a JPEG file and reached the APP0 Marker, your temporary infoset file would look like this:
<img width="496" height="75" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c05af7d-2637-48ac-b922-74739191ca99" />

> From this point if you clicked the Step Over button, the entire APP0 element would be parsed and parsing would then pause.

Reviewer: Add comma after point like so
```suggestion
From this point, if you clicked the Step Over button, the entire APP0 element would be parsed and parsing would then pause.
```

<img width="344" height="292" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2d388c1c-de38-4c6d-8bfc-24c69db2e8ab" />

> If, instead, you clicked the ''Step Into'' button, you would be looking at the first element inside the APP0:

Reviewer: We aren't using quotes for the buttons anywhere else
```suggestion
If, instead, you clicked the Step Into button, you would be looking at the first element inside the APP0:
```

<img width="187" height="96" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99929037-b282-45ca-888e-d5f299e58acb" />

> A couple more clicks of Step Into would show more of the elements within the APP0:

Reviewer: Add the word button
```suggestion
A couple more clicks of Step Into button would show more of the elements within the APP0:
```

<img width="351" height="151" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2e42b86e-3f3d-4beb-ba49-f8f1095bd4eb" />

> At this point, you could decide you didn't need to step though the rest of the APP0 and click the Step Out button -- causing execution to continue until APP0 is compleate, at which point execution would aain pause:

Reviewer: Change to
```suggestion
At this point, you could decide you didn't need to step through the rest of the APP0 and click the Step Out button -- causing execution to continue until the APP0 is complete, at which point the execution would again pause:
```

<img width="352" height="302" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bc45d84a-20e2-4c31-9d15-9c6eb4b8bc4c" />

> **Note:** If you click on the Step Over or Step Out where execution stops if you have the **Stop On Entry** option enabled (and no breakpoint is encountered) the entire contents of the data file will be parsed without any addiional pauses.

Reviewer: Maybe change this to
```suggestion
**Note:** If you click on the Step Over button or the Step Out button, where execution stops if you have the **Stop On Entry** option enabled (and no breakpoint is encountered), the entire contents of the data file will be parsed without any additional pauses.
```
